What do you guys think?
If you really want to fight with the teacher's heart
Isn't this a neuropathy?
I'll go and ask someone from the Teacher's Heart Association.
Go away
What are you doing?
Let Mr. Jiang come out and I'll find him
No one borrows the president's life
Especially Shen Qingyan
You can't say two words. Don't make us do it.
If you don't see it, you won't borrow it.
Fight anyway?
We 316 are not afraid of anyone, let's go
This SM has been too restless recently.
Yeah, 7:30 last month
I was just killed by that 316
This time it's him again
How are they going to fight this time?
One-on-one, who knows?
The Jianglu of the 17th Society is the strongest in history
I feel that they are both quite strong
It hurts both
Who asked?
But this fight must be very beautiful
I'm going here, Shen Qing is so crazy, I'll take two people with me